feat: support Chrome extensions debugging (#1922)
ChromeDevTools/chrome-devtools-mcp: skills/troubleshooting/SKILL.md

All tools in `chrome-devtools-mcp` are annotated with `readOnlyHint: true` (for safe, non-modifying tools) or `readOnlyHint: false` (for tools that modify browser state, like `emulate`, `click`, `navigate_page`). To access the full suite of tools, the user must disable read-only mode in their MCP client (e.g., by exiting "Plan Mode" in Gemini CLI or adjusting their client's tool safety settings).

#### Symptom: Extension tools are missing or extensions fail to load

If the tools related to extensions (like `install_extension`) are not available, or if the extensions you load are not functioning:

1. **Check for the `--categoryExtensions` flag**: Ensure this flag is passed in the MCP server configuration to enable the extension category tools.

> 2. **Make sure the browser was not started with `--autoConnect`**: When using `--autoConnect`, Chrome is not able to load extensions.

Reviewer: IIUC, `--autoConnect` is a flag of the MCP server, not the browser, right? In that case, how about something like this:

```suggestion
2. **Make sure the MCP server configuration does not include `--autoConnect`**: when using `--autoConnect`, Chrome is not able to load extensions.
```

Author: Looks good!

> 2. **Make sure the MCP server configuration does not include `--autoConnect`**: when using `--autoConnect`, Chrome is not able to load extensions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Make sure the MCP server is configured to launch Chrome instead of connecting to an existing instance. Chrome before 149 is not able to load extensions when connecting to existing instance (`--auto-connect`, `--browserUrl`).
```
